Learn/link updates derek (#8487)
hashicorp/consul: website/pages/docs/install/performance.mdx

- For DNS-heavy workloads, configuring all Consul agents in a cluster with the
  [`allow_stale`](/docs/agent/options#allow_stale) configuration option will allow reads to
  scale across all Consul servers, not just the leader. Consul 0.7 and later enables stale reads

>   for DNS by default. See [Stale Reads](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/consul/dns-caching#stale-reads) in the
>   [DNS Caching](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/consul/dns-caching) guide for more details. It's also good to set
>   reasonable, non-zero [DNS TTL values](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/consul/dns-caching#ttl-values) if your clients will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  for DNS by default. Review [Stale Reads](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/consul/dns-caching#stale-reads) in the [DNS Caching](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/consul/dns-caching) tutorial for more details. It's also good to set reasonable, non-zero [DNS TTL values](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/consul/dns-caching#ttl-values) if your clients will
```
